Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Stop her!
Lynn!
If you're difficult,
you might get hurt.
Let's not be difficult.
You have to lower
the forcefield.
We can't get out to save Lynn.
Community.
We exist together.
But with Lynn missing,
our community is broken.
Justice.
We insist the Skin Riders
return her.
Answer.
Answer!
If you knew what it feels
like to lose someone...
you'd help us.
Tasha, can you hear me?
Tasha?
She's still not respondin.
Pulse is in the 80s.
Just a second.
Anything at all?
Tasha, can you hear me?
Tasha?
Tasha, I need you to
respond for me, okay?
Tasha-
Okay-
Any luck?
I only know a few symbols.
I'm not even sure if my message
is making any sense.
Ezra knows you're trying.
Said you found a notebook.
It looks like chicken scratch.
Shorthand.
I made it up
so I could take faster nots
during sessions with patient.
No one in the world could have
written that but me, Feena.
I was one of the settlers.
What do you think that mean?
That we were all here befor?
Why didn't the Obelisk tell us?
'Cause it wants to control us,
use us.
What else is it not telling us?
That's what I want to know.
Well, what do you think
we should do?
Burn it down.
Break it apart.
I can't let you do that, Ezra.
It's keeping me from my wife.
It allowed your wife to be
reborn in the first place.
I'd rather she stay dead
than become one of them.
I hope you remember that.
If she does become a Skin Rider,
the only mercy you can show her
is to take her life.
You're awa.
I wish we didn't
have to do that.
The exits are guarded, so...
We're not unlike you, real.
We care for our own,
respect the divine,
and work hard.
What happened to you, Silas?
Everyone keeps asking me that.
The world has changed, Lynn.
I've changed.
I can help you change too.
Where's Ezra?
Ezra.
He'll take a little
more convincing.
Whatever you're doing here,
if it harms him,
I won't let you.
I've always admired
your strength, Lynn,
even when it's misplace.
Now's a good time to cooperate.
And if I don't?
The Sparks worked hard
to rebuild you, Lynn.
It'd be a shame to have all
that hard work go to waste.
The forcefield's still up,
so I won't ask how it's going.
Here, you haven't eaten all day.
You made this?
What?
You don't think I can cook?
Water and weeds.
I was going to make you
a burger and fries,
but then I thought, no, Abram
would want water and weeds.
I can't cook, actually.
Duncan used to do all that.
Pastas, quiches, desserts.
Never even followed a recipe.
That's a man you hold onto.
Yeah...
Do you think the Sparks
would remake him?
Now, I mean,
that he's a Skin Rider.
You're asking if there can be
two of the same person at once?
The simple answer is no.
Duncan is alive.
The Sparks do not create
what already exists.
What if he were to die?
Would the Sparks remake him?
The Sparks rebirth an individual
because he is of benefit
to the community,
not because you ask
him to be reborn.
Of course it would
benefit the community.
Everything Duncan does
is for other people.
He's completely unselfish.
The human Duncan, yes.
It's not his fault
that he's a Skin Rider.
You are quick to defend him,
and yet he attacked you.
That wasn't him.
The real Duncan
wouldn't do that.
I do not choose
who is reborn, Feena.
You need not convince me.
Then my only option is to
cure Duncan of the parasite.
The parasite is stronger
than you know.
Its dominion over its host
is absolute.
It will never release him.
YYYou have been reconstituted.
I am programmed not to answer.
Duncan...
What happened to you?
You're a hologram, Feena.
A brain state.
The drone could give you
this information,
but I blocked its access to you.
I don't understand.
Where are we?
He loves you so completely.
Blindly.
The mere thought of you
causes him to ache with longin.
I see it all here, in his mind.
Who are you?
I am Duncan now.
And his greatest weakness,
his greatest distraction,
is you.
He is...
Screaming at me.
Begging me,
because he knows
that when I find you...
And I will find you.
That I will kill you.
And I wanted him to know that.
Ezr.
We're thinking about this
the wrong way.
The Obelisk sent you
to find this weapon.
Yellow says it's designed to
destroy something called.
"The Ancestor."
The record of the Skin Riders?
More than a record...
A central nervous
system of sorts.
We knock that out,
we weaken their
entire community.
Or we kill them!
We don't know how strong
this weapon is.
She's right.
And we're not killing Duncan.
No one intends to.
My point is,
we can't find the Ancestor
if we're locked in here.
What are you suggesting?
We bargain.
They let us rescue Lynn,
we find the Ancestor.
So we do risk killing Duncan?
And Silas, and all the others?
We're buyig ourselves tim.
Once Lynn is safe, we can
focus on saving the others
before we destroy the Ancestor.
Or we bluff.
We tell the Obelisk that
we'll find the Ancestor,
then we don't.
Won't work.
They'll know,
and we need their hel.
And their protection.
I don't like it, but I agree.
And what if we fail
rescuing Lynn?
We won't.
We all just need to keep in
mind that Lynn's the mission.
Why are you looking at me?
Just making sure
we agree that Duncan
is not an objective right now.
Time is short for Lynn.
We go for her.
I know what the mission is.
As long as we're clear.
So, we make a deal?
I'm in.
They're going to make us
find the Ancestor anyway.
Can you relay all of this
to the Obelisk?
We're about to find out.
Do you know what this is?
It's 150 people.
A whole community.
Their memories, their DN,
all inside this dron.
You're in here.
Ezra too.
And others you'd recogniz.
Kylie?!
Mommy!
Wha...?
Is this what you've become?
Cruel?
Death is cruel, Lynn.
It rips us
from those we care abou,
and buries them away foreve.
But what if I told you there was
a way to connect with the dead?
To see and feel ther
memories and knowlee
whenever you needed them?
Not with a machine,
but with your mind?
The crystal in your neck...
Always so smart.
The crystal is the mind of an
organism we call "a Companion."
It's a friend, a counselor.
But the human brain
keeps getting in the way.
Reactions are slowe,
decisions are muddle.
There's resistance.
What do you want from me?
The drone and the Sparks
wove the neural pathways
in our brains.
I want to block some of them,
give greater control
to the Companion.
I'm not a brain surgeon.
I can't help you.
I don't need a surgeon, Lynn.
I need a test subject.
You prick yourself.
The Companion does the rest.
Once it's taken rot
and you're one of u,
we can begin with the drone.
You should just stick her
and get on with it.
You underestimate Lynn, Jax.
She always makes
the right choice.
I don't know how to
reprogram the drone
to do what you're asking.
Nor do I know which
neural pathways to close.
If we turn off the wrong ones,
we could paralyze her or
leave her in a vegetative state,
if not kill her outright.
You don't know how, Duncan,
because you haven't asked!
Is there anything the Ancestr
doesn't know, Ja?
The Ancestor knows all,
remembers all, preserves all.
Does the Ancestor understand
the human brain?
Every neuron.
Does the Ancestor understan
the intricacies of this machine?
Do you think, Duncan?
Without question.
Then take this drone
to the Ancestor
and don't come back
until you know everything.
How do we know he won't run,
like before?
Because you'll go with him.
There is no hae
in this communit.
It has no plac.
And Lynn?
The man will come for her.
I certainly hope so.
You're still here.
So that's their response?
One word?
It means "peace."
Full translation:
"I allow you."
We'll be back with Lynn,
or we won't be back at all.
Do you think Yellow was right?
That the only mercy we can
show a Skin Rider is to kill it?
I'm not killing Silas.
I'm not killing Duncan either,
but what if there's
no other way?
There's always a way.
Be the optimist.
I can't kill the
parasite outright.
Silas said that
would kill him too.
But maybe he was lying.
I know my brother.
He wasn't lying.
Then we use Sparks.
They cured Abram.
Good luck trying to
convince Duncan
to take a swim with some Sparks.
Fine.
I thought you were the optimist.
Tasha.
Tasha, it's Abram.
Blink if you can hear me.
Baby.
Looking for something?
My notebook proves that
I was here before.
Maybe there's proof
Tasha was too.
What makes you think your
wife may have been reborn?
Ezra and Lynn.
Feena and Duncan.
There's a pattern of
restoring couples.
I'd hardly call four people a
reliable statistical sample.
Not statistics.
Sociology.
If you want to start a community
and generate offspring,
you need strong,
monogamous relationships.
You don't need monogamy
to create offspring.
No, but you need it to
create stable families.
And you won't have much of a
civilization without those.
Is that why you're
searching for Tasha?
To prove a pattern?
I loved my wife.
My life didn't have much
purpose after I lost her.
Still doesn't.
Your purpose now is to help
restore the human race.
That's my job.
Tasha was my joy.
Do you know if she
can be reborn?
There is something
I'd like to show you, Abram.
My scans confirm that
they died from a virus,
but these graves tell
much more than tha.
There's no gravestone
or marking.
No way of knowing
who's buried here.
I can help.
Her name ws Rosario Hernande.
You can identify these people?
If their DNA matches
what's in my database.
Show me the others.
Here we are.
On the trail, together again.
You must be thrilled.
I'd rather cut out your tongue.
Jax.
Always so charming.
I know what you are, Duncan.
Silas may think you're useful,
but you are more human
than true.
I was sick, Jax.
The human no longer
has hold on me.
And this morning?
I followed you into the woods.
I saw you use the drone to
conjure that human woman.
You think that's funny?
I laugh at your Gestapo
way of thinking.
You saw, but you did not hear.
I was threatening my host.
Don't ever question my loyalty.
Then try this for loyalty.
The knowledge you have
of that drone,
its workings.
You could easily share that
with any one of us.
I could send you
that knowledge, yeah.
Companion to Companion.
But what would yu do with I?
If you put down your staff,
spend your days tinkering
with machines.
Who would bully us, Jax?
Who would growl at u,
if not you?
No, don't deny us that.
Life would lose all meaning.
You kill me,
and the council will kill y.
It's almost worth it.
Walk.
And if you speak,
I will cut out your tongue.
I won't keep bringing you
food if you keep ignoring i.
I know you're starving.
I also know you like venison.
Good, right?
Admit it.
You could get used to this.
You still haven't
chosen to join us.
Still weighing
the pros and cons.
You haven't changed, Lynn.
Wish I could say
the same for you.
You don't know what
you're rejecting.
You could be one
with the Community.
I'm one with my husband.
That's enough for me.
Technically, he's no longer
your husband.
You were married "until death
do you part," remember?
I remember.
I remember you were
his best man.
And I remember the
toast you gave.
But you had everybody
laughing one moment,
and most of us crying the next.
Because everyone knew you
loved your brother.
That's what I remember.
Do you?
I remember my knees shaking,
my voice almost crackin,
my heart pounding.
Because I was weak and fragile.
Now I'm not.
I'm beginning to thk
you're not going to make
the right choice here, Lynn.
I'm never going to
join you, Silas.
I'll never give up who I am.
I didn't want to
have to do that.
You're angry right no,
but when you hae your Companio,
we'll have a god
laugh about thi.
About how much fuss you made.
Sleep well.
Identity unknown.
You don't know
who's buried here?
Their DNA is not in my database.
Adult or child?
Chil.
So they bore children.
Can you guess the
age of the child
based on the skeletal structure?
Perhaps seven years old.
That would mean the settlement
lasted eight years at least.
Unless the Sparks
reconstituted a child
that is not in my database.
Keep going.
We'll mark the ones
that are unknown.
It's strang.
I was one of these people.
Why don't I remember
my life here?
Perhaps your brain state
wasn't recorded here.
April Sprague.
Identity unknow.
Who buried them?
Other settlers?
The people who became
Skin Riders?
Whoever it was, they showed
respect for the dead.
The stones are neatly set,
the bodies neatly laid.
Althea Keller.
Identity unknown?
No.
This one we know.
We're never going
to find them like this.
People leave tracks.
There are no tracks.
It snowed.
And even if we do find them,
they're better armed than us,
more aware of the terrain,
likely holding a
defensible position,
and have a hostage.
They have the advantage,
no question.
Every advantage.
They're a small army.
We're Robin Hood
and Little John.
I'm not that good of a shot.
You're small for Little John.
I'm serious, Ezra.
We need to think about
how we do this.
And be prepared
to pull back if...
If?
If Lynn's already one of them.
Refusing to accept
that possibility
puts us all in danger.
If you and I die
or become infected,
we've done Abram no favors.
Or Silas, or Duncan.
You're right.
If there's nothing we can do,
we'll pull back.
How many?
One, I thin.
He'll warn the others.
He probably already has.
Wait!
Don't!
What's the matter with you?
You were going to kill him!
That's the enemy, Feena!
That's someone controlled
by a parasite.
Who just tried to kill us!
What did you think we were
going to do out here,
ask them nicely?
If we kill him, we gain nothing.
If we follow him,
he might lead us to Lynn.
We keep a safe distance.
We stay out of range.
We see where he leads.
We can track him in the snow.
Get up!
My feet are sore.
And I need a rest.
You just had one.
An hour ago.
I mean, if you want to carry me,
by all means.
You know, you weren't this
grumpy at the Settlement.
Do you remember that?
You even had a sense of humor.
A weakminded human.
Come on.
He wasn't that bad.
I mean, no Companion, true,
but he had his moments.
Let's take a look, shall we?
For old time's sake.
What are you doing?
Calling up an old friend.
Identify yourself!
You were always jumpy.
That much hasn't changed.
Turn it of.
What is this?
I said turn it off.
Jax versus Jax.
Two powerhouses.
Who will win?
The one with the gun?
Or the one with the B.O.?
All right, all right.
It was all in good fun.
This was a bad idea.
Your wife is far
more interesting.
Ja?
What's wrong with me?
Now, how did you convince her
to fall for a guy like you?
I mean, it...
It couldn't have
been your charm.
What's happening?
So tender, so radiant.
I guess opposites do attract.
Now, where's that
sense of humor?
Man.
You cannot take a joke.
I waited for you to wake up...
so that you could see me
leave you behind.
No.
You can't go to the Ancestor
without me.
Hey.
Hey!
How long did Ezra live here?
I can't tel from the scan.
You identified his corpse.
That means he's
in your database?
His DNA and brain state, yes.
And mine?
And Feena's?
Also.
That's how I knew to let you
in the settlement.
And Tasha?
My wife?
Let's see te other grave.
No.
Answer the question.
Is she in your database?
Yes or no?
Why must you know?
Because I need to know if I
have something to live for.
They're askin' me.
If they can stop feeding you.
Unplug the machines and...
let you pass away peacefully.
How could they ask me that?
They might as well...
just ask me to shut off myself.
What am I without you?
God in Heaven, I've never
asked you for a miracle.
But please...
Please.
Yes or no?
I will answer you, Abram,
by showing you two more graves.
No trail over here.
Great. Now what?
They must have stuck to
the river to throw us off.
How do you know
he went that way?
He could've gone downstream.
If he was heading
to camp originally,
he would have kept going
in that direction.
Unless he was trying to lose us.
Hello?!
Feena, is that you?
Duncan?!
Wait!
It is you.
It's not as bad as it looks.
Although I can't feel my arms.
Don't touch him.
There's more of you.
Good.
We'll need all the help
we can get.
Help?
For what?
For rescuing Lynn.
If your finger slips, I'm dead.
Would you mind putting
the bow down, please?
Stay back, Feena.
What, you think this is a trick?
You need to listen to m.
Not every Skin Rider
parasite is strong.
All right?
There are some of us
who can resist it.
We pretend to be under their
control to keep up appearances.
Why should we believe you?
Look at me.
Beaten to a pulp
and tied to a tree.
If you didn't do this,
then who did?
Why would they do this?
His name's Ja.
He's psychotic,
but he's easily riled.
I made sure that he saw e
speaking to a holoFeea
this mornin.
A hologram of me?
It's a long stor,
but these things nd
to be orchestrated.
All righ?
He doesn't let me go anywhee
by myself anymor.
I had to make se
that Jax left me
because he thought it was
a good idea, not mine.
You wanted him to
smack you around?
No, I wanted him to ditch me.
I didn't think he
would tie me up.
And if he hadn't?
I was coming to you.
You don't know where
the Skin Rider camp is,
and I can't rescue Lynn alone.
Seriously, enough with the bow!
I'm tied up!
You attacked Feena.
I had to!
The other Skin Riders
would have killed her!
It's better she's hurt by me
than dead.
You have a rationale
for everything?
I have a truth for everything.
If you want to leave me here,
that's fine.
But you're never going to
find Lynn without my help.
Maybe he's telling the truth.
Show me your neck.
The parasite's active,
but I can contain it.
I can even prevent it from
speaking to the others.
Where's the camp?
Finding camp is the easy part.
The hard part is getting
Lynn out of that ship.
If any one of them sees,
the others will know.
What ship?
It's an old Karik warship.
Here's the deal:
You tell us how to get Lynn out.
And if what you say checks out,
if you're not lying to us,
we'll come back for you.
If you fail, I'm stuck here.
Not my problem.
We should discuss this.
It's decided.
It's not your decision to make!
Yes, it is.
Camp!
Where is it?
Feena.
Feena, look at me.
You know me.
I am losing my patience.
Where is my wife?
Part of your search for Tasha
is here.
Is it her grave?
No.
The grave of this woman.
Who is she?
You wouldn't remember her.
Your last exchange with her
was brief,
and she was much older.
We spoke?
In my first life?
At the time of Tasha's death.
Shall I show you?
What do you mean?
We call it "deep recall."
I have your brain state.
Every moment of your life.
Including the seemingly
insignificant ones.
You can show me a memory?
Hold very still.
It was a stroke.
They told me there was
nothing more I could have done.
But I'm pretty sure
they tell that to everyone.
Just to help them
sleep at night.
Your memory
continues elsewhere, Abram.
Come.
You'll have to sleep
sooner or later.
That's her.
Eleanor.
That's your fourth cup
of hot cocoa.
It's 2 am.
You either have a very
bad sweet tooth,
or you're fighting
to stay awake.
Maybe both.
When my sister
turned for the worse,
I stayed up for 40 hours
by her bed.
I got so sick,
they almost admitted me.
It's okay to sleep.
I don't think I can.
Because you're afraid.
Afraid that she might pass
while you're sleeping
and she'll think that
you abandoned her.
Afraid she'll be alone
when it happens.
Afraid you'll be alone
when you wake up.
I'd say...
you read people pretty well.
Here.
I just finished.
I can't take your blanket.
I'm a volunteer.
This is what I do.
In some cultures,
the gift of a blanket
initiates blessings.
Rest for the weary.
Dreams for the sorrowful.
Warmth for the lost.
This is very kind.
Thank you.
Places like this,
times like this,
we could all use
a little kindness.
Do you remember this moment?
Of course.
I didn't give it much thought
afterward.
A lot of people were kind to me
when Tasha passed.
Look closely and see what
you failed to see before.
Who is this woman?
I'm asleep?
How can I have a memory of this?
This is not your memory, Abram.
It's hers.
What is she doing?
Watch.
Sparks.
There is nothing to be done.
Even if the Sparks repair the
tissue around the hemorrhage,
there is too much damage
to record a brain state.
I'm sorry.
Sleep a few more hours.
And when you wake,
don't be afraid.
Is that true?
Were the Sparks here
when Tasha died?
Tasha could not be healed,
Abram.
You can make a human being
when you want one,
but you can't heal one
when she needs it?
The damage to Tasha's mind
was too significant.
Her brain state could
not be captured.
I am sorry.
Don't tell me you're sorry!
You don't feel anything.
You're a machine.
I carry your memories, Abram.
They're not mere images;
They include all your emotions.
I grieve with you.
I don't want your grief.
I want my wife back.
Tasha cannot be restored, Abram.
I know where she's buried.
We can recover her DNA.
But not her mind.
Even if we could remake her,
without her brain state,
she would not know you.
She wouldn't know anything.
She'd be an organism,
not your wife.
It wouldn't be fair to her.
If you know me so well,
you should know better than to
lecture me about what's fair.
You think you're the only one
who's losing someone here.
You want to speak louder,
please?
I don't think all the
Skin Riders can hear you.
Duncan can help us.
We can't just leave him there!
Lynn needs...
No.
Don't pretend this has
anything to do with Lynn.
This is about you.
Yeah, it's about me
and what I know.
I know Duncan.
You don't.
This isn't about
what you know, Feena.
It's about what you want,
what you hope for.
I just need more time with him.
I can tell.
We don't have time!
And I'm not letting you
risk my life and Lynn's
on some little lovesick hunch.
You're such a hypocrite.
Love is worth fighting for,
but only if it's yours.
Ezra.
This is starting to feel
like a family reunion.
I told you there were two graves
I wanted to show you, Abram.
You've only seen one.
You're broken, Abram.
New to the world
but broken already.
Life has nothing to offer you
because a life without her
has no meaning.
The thrill of being young,
the novelty of being alive,
has been replaced with the
reality of being alone.
I don't care who's buried here.
You will.
The person here proves
how wrong you are.
You lived in the Settlement,
Abram.
You worked.
You laughed.
Perhaps you even loved again,
bore children again.
I do not know for certain,
but I do know that you lived,
that you found purpose,
that you allowed yourself
to be unbroken.
I hope history repeats itself.
I knew you'd come back.
How do I know you are
who you say you are?
Ezra is right.
You shouldn't trust me
or any of the others.
Let my instructions to Ezra
prove to you that I'm not lying.
You'd rather I leave?
I'd rather you not doubt.
I hate the idea of you
thinking that I'm...
that I'm something else.
Are you?
Yes.
This Companion, it's in me.
I fight it constantly.
It tries to tell me
that I don't love you, that-
that I don't need you.
And the more it says it,
the more I know it's wrong.
But I can't break this alone.
You don't have to.
I've waited a long time
to do that.
If we hurry,
we can catch up to Ezra.
No.
No, you go back
to the Settlement.
I want you safe.
I think you know me better
than that.
Well, at least be careful then.
You don't know how dangerous
these people are.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org